Software Developer

Develop and implement new software programs. 
Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
Clearly and regularly communicate with management.
Design and update software database.
Test and maintain software products to ensure strong functionality and optimization.
Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary.
Requirements
At least 2 years experience in software development
Extensive experience with at least one of following language Java, Python, C+
Experience in Xcode is essential, experience in other mobile application development platform will be highly regarded
Ability to work independently and be a team player.
Demonstrate strong debug ability
Strong attention to detail


User Centred Design Specialist

Translate concepts into user flows, wire frames, mockups and prototypes that lead to intuitive user experiences.
Facilitate the client’s product vision by researching, conceiving, sketching, prototyping and user-testing experiences for digital products.
Design and deliver wire frames, user stories, user journeys, and mockups optimized for a wide range of devices and interfaces.
Make strategic design and user-experience decisions related to core, and new, functions and features.
Take a user-centered design approach and rapidly test and iterate your designs.
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders.
Identify design problems and devise elegant solutions.

Requirements
At least 2 years UX design experience
Competent in standard UX software such as Sketch, Axure, Invision, proto.io and the like is essential. Basic coding experience is a plus.
A strong focus of user centred design, planing and delivering user research, user testing, rapid prototyping usability and accessibility.
Open to receive feedback and criticism.
Must be a teamplayer.



Graphic Designer

Designing and delivering layouts and mockups either by hand or software.
Presentation of the design to all management and team member.
Work with a wide range of media and use graphic design software.
Amend final designs to management comments and gain full approval

Requirements
At least 2 years experience in graphic designing.
Possession of creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability and originality.
Competent in standard industry software like Photoshop, In Desgign, Illustrator etc.
Proficient in all design aspects.
Ability to communicate with management and team members
Ability to meet the deadline.
