For the creation of 'Trashocated', powerful computing devices are required in order to efficiently develop for the iPhone
platform. iOS app development is completed with Xcode (10.0 version), an integrated development environment which 
not only includes a text based code editor (which requires code to be written in Swift 4.2), but also an intuitive design platform 
for mobile devices. Xcode is designed exclusively for devices running the OSX operating systems. And as Xcode is a relatively processor
intensive program, the minimum requirements in an OSX (running 10.16 Mojave) device for this purpose are baked within the 2018 MacBook 
Pro (RRP $1,899), which 
boasts 2.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz, Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, 8GB of 2133MHz LPDDR3 memory, 
and a 128GB SSD. Along with that, in order to post the Trashocated application on Apple's App Store for download, a membership to the Apple
Development Program ($99) is required. This will only be required by one developer, and also will provide them access to beta software,
beta testing tools, and app analytics.

In order to test the application for the public's use, Xcode also includes a device simulator, boasting every version of both the iPhone
and the iPad for testing. However, to understand how users will interact with the application in the real world, Xcode also offers the
feature (to members of the Apple Development Program) of allowing download of dev versions of applications to be sent to the developer's 
iPhone of choice, without listing it on the App Store. This feature is priceless at providing a real world context scenario of the 
applications potieintal use.

Within our team, we possess a diverse array of experience with the technology. All members are very familiar with both the OSX and Windows
operating systems, so the switch to OSX needn't be an issue. Few members are familiar with Swift, yet Swift's intuitive coding paradigms
and similarity to languages such as Java and Python make it a breeze to learn. Xcode is also an incredibly intuitive and all-encompassing
program which any mildly experienced developer can appreicate the nuances of.
